Fix and improve `BaseModel.as_signal` follow up (#3494)
hyperspy/hyperspy: examples/extensions/README.rst

.. _extension_gallery-label:

Extensions
==========

This gallery of examples is relevant to users interested in developping HyperSpy

> extensions and illustrated some of HyperSpy implementions and patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extensions and illustrates some of the HyperSpy implementions and patterns.
```
